This would you let's look at the map interfaces and also get an overview of the different implementations.
So as we discussed earlier maps about key value pairs.
For example I have a set of elements how I understood how many times each element is present or is present
fight and sees two and two times and so on and so forth.
So I use is the key element as the key and the value is the number of times it is present.
So this kind of key value kind of data structures fit the map structure.
So if you look at the map interface typically everything is around being everything surrounding the
key and the value kind of stuff.
So you have a method to check if there is a specific key.
There is a specific value you can get the value at a specific key and you can put key comma values so
you can put something at this basic dispirit key and you can remove an element having a specific key.
You can put all everything in under the map.
You can do it clear the other things that you can see around the keyset so you can get the key said
that basically the set containing all the key values in the hash map are in the map actually.
So you can get a collection of values and also the entries set as well.
So these are the at the high level the important method in the map interface.
The other important interface in the map hierarchy is the sort that maps or sort of map as you can see
extents map however sorted map would be storing the elements in the order of their keys.
So with the hash map I'm in with an on World Map ordering is not guaranteed but with the starboard map
all of the elements is guaranteed.
So you can actually create the I mean chloé to compare it read the map creation time and sort the elements
in the map according to that competitor as well.
So similar to the sorted set kind of thing.
This also provides that like sub Map Head map list map first key Laskey and things like that.
The aliment are stored in the order of their keys so I can't say I would want from this key to Diski
all the elements all the map elements I can create a map for that I can create also a head map or a
map and also I can get the first key and the last symbol to the navigable set.
You have an navigable map.
So it's basically started in MAP extended with a few navigable that.
So you can get.
I want wonder which is lower than this.
I don't know which is higher than this.
I to key which is at least as big as this.
And so on and so forth.
Let's look at a few sample implementation of the maps or hash map implement map.
As with anything starting with hash are doing is not guaranteed so its hash map is unsorted and ordered
hash table on the other hand it's synchronized to hash tables and I think what I think amazed hash map.
So if you open up the hash table class you see synchronized on a lot of different methods.
Other than that it's very similar to the hash map.
One difference between hash map and the hash table is the fact that hash map allows a key with NULL
value whereas hash table doesn't.
The other important hash map is the link hash map with the linked hash map the insertion order is maintained
link cache map slower insertion and deletion and you'd be able to isolate faster over all the elements
it remap as you can see implements navigable map.
So all the elements in the tree map are in sorted order and you can also use all the of all the navigation
method which are present in the navigable map.
In this way Our aim was to get a high level view of all the different interfaces and implementation
classes which are present around the map interface and then the next we deal I.